Yeah, you got a got a different setup. Way way lower res, huh? I actually wanted to ask you um how like what camera and mic and stuff I should use because I want to like upgrade the setup. D do you let me ask you first, do you want to go down the rabbit hole? It is it is dangerous. So I run away Down with Chat GPT and then I just got confused. I'm just gonna ask that. Yeah. Um and and and it's partly from the lens of like with the books and stuff, I imagine I will have to do and want to do live um media stuff, podcasts and videos, so it's mostly for for for that. Yeah, I I would just get a I can I can put together a a whole pack because you're gonna there's so many mirrorless cameras out there, but I would recommend yeah getting a mirrorless camera. Um and um That's what ChatGPT said too. Yeah. It's just the oh the what? Oh oops. Sony? Sony, yeah, that's what I have. So I have the Sony Cause I used to l do a lot of videography work so I have I just had it for that and photography and so it's the Sony A74. Um with a I don't know if you know anything about lenses, but it's a 24 to 70 lens, which is like probably more than you need. C I think I I would guess ChatGPT is like uh like recommending like a more middle tier just regular mirrorless camera. But anything any of those will do. Okay. Uh What did it say? Sony A7C. Oh, there you go. Yeah, yeah, that's perfect. That's what you have. Uh I have the A7 IV, which is just like I think it's one level. They're very similar. It really all all it depends to is the uh the lens. The lens is kind of make or break. Um so you can get like lens? Yeah, you can get like a wide I would recommend a wide angle um I I would just get a zoom lens, probab so you probably want something to start 24 millimeter and then Something that goes up to like 50, even 70. It's gonna be bulky, but that's that's what I have. I do like the ability to zoom in and out. Um, so yeah, maybe you just want to get the 24 to 70, the one that I have. Um it's a uh it's called G Master. Um I think this is called a G Master GM like two or something. Yeah, and it'll just uh what's the other equipment I have to get with it in terms of mic or then something to convert it to HDMI, right? Yeah, exactly. So you're gonna need a a uh it's called a cam link. Cam link four K. Yep. Yep, so that will be a little bit of a That will um you go HDMI into the Sony and then it's uh just an adapter that'll go into uh like it'll plug into the cam link, then the cam link can go into your your MacBook, like USB-C. And then um I think that's pretty much it for video with audio You could go a couple different routes. I have a I have like a boom mic. Just because I don't like the mic being in my face. But if you're doing like podcasts, it's pretty I'd say it's pretty common to have some sort of podcast mic set up. And I would just do I would just do go like go to the the better brands like the uh Shore S-H-U-R-E, Shore SM7B. Um that's just qual that's just like the peak pod you watch any podcast and they're using those. Um and it just sounds great. And then you'll need an audio interface. Um for to actually get it into your into your MacBook. So it's uh it's and you'll need a uh an XLR too. So the XLR goes into the SM7B, the SM7B plugs into the the audio interface and then it will um and then you can take the audio interface and then USB C into your MacBook. Okay. Um and those I can just look those up, which brands and which ones to get. Yeah, yeah, you can you can and just message me or whatever too if you're if you're trying to decide. But yeah, if you if you just ask ChatGPT, say sure as M7B, then ChatGPT will tell you exactly what like interface you need. Okay, cool. Thank you. I'm gonna um I actually just took all those notes inside Noto. Okay. Uh uh so if you I don't know if you've been using it. Um I don't know if you know that I renamed it to Noto. Yes, I did. So while you're in the top box, here I'll just show it to you. So uh one of the top box here if you just like shift enter then it turns into a note. Oh Alright, so then here I'll just take some random text from my Google search result and paste it here. And that's your note icon and you can click in here and then you got the note. Snotes and tasks now together and I can move them around. And so whenever you type anything into Ast Node, it goes into your inbox and then you can classify it into different categories, opposite projects. Cool, cool. Yeah, I'm getting very bullish on Noto. Nice. I was talking to an email guy just now for 40 minutes and at the end I showed it to him and he's like Yeah, I would use this. Sign me up. Sign me up. Nice. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, yeah, no. I've been uh I got I got everything. It's now just my default. It's like it's my that's my little brain. I'm not even using pen and paper anymore. I'm just going straight into no to Yeah. Um but I updated the URL too. I'll I'm gonna send you an a note on this all like So there's a new URL you can just re-log in to. Um and then the uh I'll send you the shortcut for mobile and stuff so that you can dictate the dues and everything and perfect. Perfect. I'll test it. Yeah, I I actually just no-tod you too. And see that that rings. That rings. It rings better than no-tudd. That would be weird. No no-tudd no-tud you, you it's just not gonna But no but no-toad. Yeah, I just no-toed you, so I'm I'm waiting. I like that. I like that a lot. I was also uh side note. You know the you know the old HelloMoto uh commercials? Yeah, yeah, I was thinking about it last night like if if Motorola made it work, then we can make this work. Exactly. I just keep kind of saying to myself, hello Noto We at Ogil V we had the moto the Motorola account, so yeah, it was like all mo Motorola stuff all over the place. Yeah. Yeah yeah. So it's like I think yeah, we own all the domain variations for Heigmoto. Uh as noto and my noto. Nice, nice. The hey noto is great. Hey noto, just hey Siri, hey Alexa I don't know if I mentioned to you that I bought a piece of hardware. Did I mention this to you? Yeah, you did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So it'll come um Later this week. I can't I can't wait to see that demo. Um anyway, so I I uh I s not to'd you. I am still waiting. Lang and I are meeting in an hour to discuss everything. I'm still waiting on his looms to come through. Um so I I don't know if we wanted to just catch up now. I didn't want to waste your time. I wanted to just like get completely up to speed, but if there's anything we wanted to discuss now, um Or we wanted to to have another conversation when I'm more up to speed tomorrow. Yeah, are you are you going to be working more today? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've got I got plenty of stuff to do. I'm I'm still digging into like the NAN workflows and all of that too while while I'm waiting on LinkedIn. So I think the critical path is us um I can see okay. So yeah, I think the critical path is for us to start sending um through um True Mautec. And Langdon is on the latest email from them, as are you. Yep, I saw from Pierre. So Um I'll do the superbase thing that he's saying right now. Why don't you talk to Langdon and then why don't you and I like connect again in a few hours? I'll be online working. My goal is probably for us to load up a campaign in Montec either through the API or manually so it sends tomorrow. Okay. Cool. To their warm-up segment. Perfect. They basically have a segment that says it's called the warm-up all the emails. And I think we basically just have to Create the email and target it to that segment and then schedule it and it should send. Okay, cool. Yeah. And initially, like so you know, they're just gonna be sending it to like a hundred people a day, so it's a very small volume. Um they've purchased a seed list that I think has a thousand, and those are um those aren't real people, those are just uh inboxes that when they get the email they're gonna open it and click it. Okay, got it. So it's f it's it's for like a true true warm-up purposes. So it's warm-up. So they're warming it up with you know a thousand and then we'll filter in a bunch of real contacts at a very small scale and then they'll monitor it and decide on their own, you know, how they scale it up. Cool. Okay, cool. So we just have to get an email into Modic every day targeted to the segment. Alright, perfect, perfect. Alright, yeah, less pressure too because it's just yeah, it's just sending to the segment. Uh yeah, and then like the email quality, because it's all it's the AI editor. Uh-huh. Sorry. Isn't I wouldn't say it's isn't exactly where we want it to be. Okay. So we but that's okay because the audience size is so small. Got it, got it But we want it we want it better. What um is it just this just the story selection that's that's a little off Yeah, yeah, that's it. It's a story selection. Yeah. I mean it's it's it's good enough. Like I'd say it's like three and a half out of five. Um and I I actually walked through with Langdon cut my subjective how I do story selection. And then I realized that there is a hierarchy of like for each of the five stories. what criteria to use and uh you and I can debrief on that you know tomorrow. Okay. And that'll require you changing the AI editor and N it in to add some more rules. Got it. Got it. Easy. I know Danny he said to me, I talked to him just two hours ago, he's gonna start working on the website. I know I had on his list to add the sign-up box. If he I'll I'll I'll ask him or or you could it might make sense for you to do it because that way you can connect it into Montic and then he can style but then you at least Basically put up text box and sign up and then have that go to Montec through the API. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I can do that. It's easy. Um And even their feedback about compressing newsletter images, reducing overall HTML. Okay, cool. So um and then the other thing is like right now it is all automated. I had talked to Langden about like hey like a manual step that you know take the HTML out of Airtable and copy and paste it into. Mautic as a backup in case that API integration doesn't work. So I don't think he took it to that level. Yeah. That's where I I'm picturing the when I slowly move to more of this full stack application, we'll we'll be able to just do that easily. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay, cool. Um, yeah, that all sounds good. Just loading it into Mautic. And I think, like you said too, it's Langdon has has it pretty much set up to where. Yeah, I think it is working. It is okay, yeah. So it just we just need to get one in there. Yeah. And you can even discuss with them on the call now of like, hey, how do I send it, you know? We want to send an email every day, so how do we do that? Got it. Alright, perfect. Yeah, and I've got the I've got Pierre's notes as well. Just uh I was looking at the thread from you guys. So all of the the ChatGPT analysis that you did, um I just started capturing those in Noto just to have uh just have captured and yeah I mean some of these some of them I I think once we get the once we get it just sending I can quickly like the image compression and stuff like that I think it'd be it's relatively like web p conversion and all that's relatively Yep. Yes. Um I'll I'll probably split this into two phases. So one is the critical path to get email sending, and then the second is optimizing, you know, the email, um, the you know, content quality, etc. Got it. I think yeah, the key thing is for you to understand what language has built. Yes, exactly. Yep. Yeah. On the Gemini stuff, because I know at some point last week, you know, we hit the he hit the rate limits and then the newsletter kind of broke or didn't work his flow. So um I guess two things. We might want to make the workflow a bit more robust. So if we don't have can't get an image, then there's a backup image or there's something else so it doesn't break. Uh and there were a few times I think last week where like something wasn't there and then the workflow broke. So I I suspect like hardening the workflow and accounting for these cases and making it basically less sensitive and more resilient. Got it. As if it's a p as if it's like a person. Yeah. So just like like breaking and then just throw a fit and not do anything. Yeah, okay, cool, cool, cool. Yeah. So like AI resilience. Yeah, exactly. So workflow resilience is it will be required. Um exactly. So that'd be like maybe one one thing I'll just add it here actually is you know, I'll call it N8N uh workflow resilience. Uh and then the other is the Gemini API credits and how that works. I I was talking to uh an entrepreneur this morning who's built an image ad tools and he wanted some advice. And I was like, how are you getting around rate limits? And he's like, we don't have any rate limits. And they're generating thousands of images. Like instantaneously for ads, ad variations and everything using the Nano Banano Pro API. So maybe there's something we're doing or there's some like So I'll just add that to your list is Gemini kind of API kind of rate limit. This maybe it's the wrong type of account or something. Yeah, okay. Cool, look into it. Yeah, that's interesting. I uh good to know. He didn't mention anything else. It just he just said no, it's no issue. He's not using the limits or on the free tier. Yeah. The ones from the A tier. He mentioned something about batching. He's like you can batch ten requests and if we have a hundred requests, that's how we get a thousand images. Maybe he says a hundred requests a day or something. Okay. But they batch ten at a time or something like that. I don't Okay. I don't fully follow. Yeah Okay, yeah, I'll look in I'll look in uh this th they'll probably have this somewhere in their docs too on how to on how to use this, uh on how to get it going at scale. I mean I don't know if like I think it's my personal account we're we're using if we have to set it up through the PIVAT twenty thirty-four Gmail account. I know one of the times I went to one of the consoles and it because of in Portugal it It like it showed up and then it disappeared and it said not available in your country yet. So I wouldn't be surprised if it's like maybe it hasn't rolled out to EU. And because I'm in Portugal and one of my accounts is associated to Portugal, it's blocking me from upgrading the account to some higher tier. So when you look into it, like you know, you can use your Pad up Pivot Studio account. Alright, perfect. You can use the PIMP 2034 at Gmail or use a personal account and see how you get to the you know higher paid tier. Okay, perfect. Yeah, let's do that. I'll just use my pad of pivotstudio. ai account and then that way I don't need to bug you because I can figure out Um yeah, how to set it up on whatever their whatever their their tiers are. Um and yeah, just get it g uh configured that way. Yeah, that's that's the that's the easiest way. Yep. Okay. So yeah, I'll leave you to it to you get through. I would suggest you go into Montic and start to play around and get a little bit more. Yeah, I'm in there right now. Yeah, yeah. I'm looking at the A I was looking at the API integration stuff that you mentioned, just playing uh getting a bit feel for it. And you can even try to like just send the test campaign to yourself. Like create yourself as a user in the segment through the editor. If you go into the pivot air table, you can probably just copy paste the HTML. And try to like do that full circle. Okay. Cool, yeah, we'll do. That's uh that's the backup plan. We'll actually have that like you know the manual kind of send via Montic kind of workflow. Yeah, got it. Yeah, because worst case um we can do that. Perfect, yeah. Yeah, just send him in one. Cool. Alright, I'll play around with it. Um, can I ask real quick, uh transistor, can I get your completely separate, but I need to set this up for how to live, the how to live podcast, and then um It's already in transistor. Oh, okay. Is it in the same account? Yeah. Can you give me your credentials again? I I didn't didn't save them. Yeah. Thank you. Um here I'll put them in no tone. And I have it on my list of things to do to set up one password for teams and that'll That'll help you. Okay, cool, cool, cool. Alright, got it. Thank you. Um Alright, cool. I I'm I'm gonna jump in on all this. I'll just uh I'll no-to you later uh after uh Lang and I speak and then uh yeah we can touch base again. Sounds good.